Some documentation (#13)
hashicorp/consul-server-connection-manager: docs/grpc-integration.md

address list as part of the process of switching servers. Whenever the Watcher next discovers Consul
server addresses and selects an address to connect to, it will update the gRPC connection with an
address via the custom resolver.

## Async connection switching

When using the custom gRPC resolver, we set a new address for the connection to use. GRPC then
handles the process of switching to the new address, asynchronously. The gRPC connection supports
multiple sub-connections. After calling `resolver.ClientConn.UpdateState` to switch addresses the
gRPC connection will have multiple sub-connections for some amount of time.

In general with our usage, we specify at most one "intended" address on the connection at time, so
there are at most two sub-connections at any time. When the Watcher switches from one address
to another via the custom resolver, the gRPC connection will shut down the sub-connection for the
"old" address and create a new sub-connection for the "new" address.

## Motivation for the custom gRPC balancer

A big question: why do we have the custom gRPC balancer?

While the gRPC connection is asynchronously switching from one address to another, we want to answer

> the following type of questions in order to evaluate whether the

Reviewer: Looks like the end of this sentence got chopped off? ✂️

We do not actually use the custom balancer for actual load balancing strategy. In particular, we do
not use it as part of the library's compatiblity with the Consul server's xDS load balancing. It's
purely a tool to view the gRPC sub-connection states and to work around library abstractions.

Our custom balancer is a wrapper around a gRPC `base.Balancer` so that our custom balancer is
invoked whenever a sub-connection is created or when sub-connection state changes. The custom
balancer lets us answer these questions:

* Which sub-connections are currently being used?
* What are the addresses for those sub-connections?
* What connectivity state are the sub-connections in?

Using this information, the Watcher uses the following process to switch to another Consul server
address:

1. Use the custom resolver to update the connection with the new address
2. Use the custom balancer to monitor sub-connection state until the switch to the new address is
   complete.

Specifically, we block until there is one ready sub-connection for the new address, and all other
sub-connections, if any, have been shut down. The sub-connection for the new address may never

> be ready (for example, if the server is unavailable) so this will timeout after a short while

Reviewer: nit (sorry!)

```suggestion
be ready (for example, if the server is unavailable) so this will time out after a short while
```

"timeout" is a noun, "time out" is a verb-phrase 😅
